For my solution to last week's coding challenge, I created the renderTbl() function as a double forEach loop. The code is activated by the event listener, which starts running the formula when the user inputs data on the webpage. The event listener first runs the rest of the code, saving important user input values and running the calculations for the total carbon footprint points in start(). The code ensures that the display output and the table itself is clear before creating the table head as a constant, table. That constant is then inserted into the renderTbl() function as a parameter alongside the user input cfpData to create the heading of the table, created through the renderTblHead() formula. The renderTbl() code begins by making the body of the table. It then begins the first forEach loop. Each time a user inputs data, it creates a new table row and puts the data into an array called properties. This array includes, in order: first name, the number of household members, the house size, and the total carbon footprint points. After putting the user input into an array, the code starts the second forEach loop. For each entry in the properties array, it creates a new table data element and inserts the user data from the array into the table. The second forEach loop ends after appending each entry in the properties array into the table. The array is then cleared using splice, in case the user entry form is completed multiple times. The first forEach loop then continues, adding a new table data element and creating the buttons "Edit" and "Del". The elements of the table are then appended one at a time. The two buttons are added as table data, then all of the data is added to the table row, then the entire row is added to the table body. The first forEach loop is then completed after looping for each instance of user input, and the table body is appended to the table itself. Since the table was creating using the renderTblHead() formula, the body of the table is essentially being appended to the heading of the table. The table is finally displayed on the webpage for the user before resetting the entry form, allowing the user to create multiple entries in the data table. 

I feel like this activity was helpful, as it allowed me to review my code and explain how each part of it functioned to create the output on the webpage. I was unclear if I was supposed to write my understanding of my own solution or the solution that was presented in class, so I chose to explain my own solution to the coding challenge since I wanted to explore the functionality of my own code a bit more. Overall, this was a good review activity from the previous week and a nice starting point to learning new code this week.

HOW TO CODE EDIT BUTTON
In order to write code for an edit button, I think you would need to delete the current user input in the table with data.splice(), then most likely run the renderTblRow() function. When calling this function, it should either use parameters pulled from previously-submitted user input or create a new way for the user to add data to the table row.